# Release Notes for Seq66 0.91.0 through 0.92.0
==============================
Chris Ahlstrom
2020-11-15 to 2021-02-10

This file lists the major changes for this version from the previous version.
Also see the README and INSTALL files.

## Palette Support

More items can be colored, including patterns.  The colors can be saved into a
palette file, which can then be modified (manually).  For example, one can
create a gray-scale palette.  See the palette file in `data/linux`.

## Non Session Manager Support

Added support for true NSM support using that session manager's OSC
socket-based commands.  This support supplements the basic signal support
provided for working with nsm-proxy.  The refactoring to do this has been
extensive.

The first time qse66 is run in a session, it looks for the normal
configuration files in the "~/.config/seq66" directory.  If found, they are
copied to the NSM session's directory.  If not found, new versions are
created.  The NSM session directory will hold both configurations and
new/imported MIDI files.  Create the manual as shown in the "Documentation"
section for more information about the session manager.

Session information, whether a normal session or an NSM session, is shown in
the Session tab.

## Play-List Support

Play-list support has been made more robust and better able to work with NSM.
However, the "Playlist" tab is not yet fully function.  Edit the playlist file
(e.g. "qseq66.playlist") by hand for now.

## Command-Line Support

Got the CLI version building again, but it still needs a lot of testing.

## Documentation

The LaTeX documentation used for generation of the PDF manual is in progress.
In order to build this documentation, change the the "doc/latex" directory and
run "make".  The results are generated in the "pdf" directory.  At the present
time the documentation is essentially complete.

The Developer documentation, generated by Doxygen, is a lesser priority.  It
is very extensive and one might think twice about generating it.  Change to
the "doc/dox" directory and do "make" like above.

One can also change to the "doc" and do "make" to build both sets of
documents.

## Final Notes

All too many bug fixes and minor improvements.  Added the
--copy-dt-needed-entries flag to the qseq66 Makefile.am template in order to
fix linkage errors that cropped up in debug builds.

# vim: sw=4 ts=4 wm=4 et ft=markdown
