NSM Tendrils of Information
Chris Ahlstrom
2021-03-10 to 2021-09-03

-------------

Anyway, it's nonsensical to start a client withiut a session open. How can
NSM tell the client where to put it's files before even it knows? You have
to use the GUI or OSC control to open/create a session first.

This behavior way one of the awful flaws in jack session etc. They would
continually create anyonmous sessions named after UUIDs a d because of this
I would lose work.

-------------

Yes, you could technically do that, but I wouldn't recommend it. NSMD's
server control OSC commands are intended to be initiated by user actions
(optionally invoked from within your own app's GUI). The only thing I
imagine that you could do is the same bad behavior of giving the new
session a random name.

The intention is that control of the session name/location should always be
with the user.

The confusion comes from e.g. X11 session managers. They really only ever
manage one session, the most recent one. In that case, it's fine to be
ephemeral and anonymous. NSM (that is, the one I invented, not the copies)
is intended for use in the context of a multiplicity of song-level units.
These units must not be ephemeral or anonymous. It really matters which
song you are messing with! And nobody wants to dig through, merge and
rename 1000 random folders. (If you've used e.g.a  Zoom Handy recorder
which names things like ZOOM0001, then you know what a nightmare this can
be).

Please, be kind to your users and give the control to them. Tell them
there's no NSM session open and they need to open one first, then the
result they get will be predictable/desirable.

This is one of the main reasons that LASH and JACK Session were unusable in
practice. I talked about this for years but nobody understood it. It wasn't
until I released NSM that people could experience something better and know
that it was better. Alas, even now I think I'm the only one who understands
*why* the NSM experience is better.

-------------

To investigate:

    aj-snapshot versus the NSM jackpatch applet.  The former works with ALSA as
    well.

    See this link for a big-ass use case:

        https://ponderworthy.github.io/the-box-of-no-return/

# vim: sw=4 ts=4 wm=2 et ft=sh
